Phpmyadmin setup (#11)
MVPStudio/standard-wordpress: README.md

```

Note that this is a normal configuration file except that the `namespace` is given as `{{ namespace }}`. This will be
replaced by the actual namespace when the [setup script](#setup-script.py) is run.

# Setup Script

> Set up your MariaDB password using Kubernetes secrets.

Reviewer: For ease of use, eventually the setup script should probably (1) run this command for the user and (2) auto-generate a nice secure password. This is fine for now but I think I'll file a bug to automate this step.

Author: Thanks, @oliverdain!

```bash
kubectl create secret generic mdbsecrets \
  --from-literal=password='eightefferrorsgalore'
  --from-literal=user-password='eightefferrorsgalore'
```

> Run setup-script.py to select a username in which MariaDB will be deployed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run setup-script.py to generate all the kube manifest files and have them pushed to the cluster.
```
